Amanda can't find Betty's number . Larry called her last time they were at the park . Amanda will text him .
Eric and Rob are going to watch MACHINE .
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers from Bob .
Emma will be home soon and will tell Will what she wants for dinner .
Ollie and Jane will meet for lunch on Friday at 6 pm . Jane will bring the pastries .
Hilary and Elliot are going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico . They are meeting at La Cantina at 2 pm .
Max will check out some good sites to buy clothes from . Payton likes browsing , trying on , looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks , but not always buying . Max and Payton like reading .
Rita and Tina are bored at work .
Beatrice is in town shopping . She will buy a scarf for Leo .
Eric is coming to Ivan's brother's wedding . Ivan will take care of Eric's parents .
Wanda and Gina will make a party on Friday . Wanda needs to make a list . Gina will take Wanda's father's car and go do groceries with her .
Martin won two cinema tickets on Facebook . He will see the new film with Redford at the end of the week .
Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese for her class at the university . It's a Polish one translated into Portuguese . The writer is Mrożek .
Tom and Ella are going by car or train .
Paul will send Luke the login and password on Sunday . Luke will wire Paul the money every month . Paul is on holidays with his girl for 8 days .
Greg needs to stay after hours to pick up Johnny . Betsy can't pick him up , because she needs to work long hours .
Ethan , Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott .
Igor has a lot of work to do at work . He has two weeks left of his notice period .
Clara is re watching Dear White People on Netflix . It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence . The main character , Sam , presents a radio show on college radio . There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students . There's a Black students' party . There are incidents involving Reggie , Lionel and a conspiracy theory about secret societies . There will be a Series 3 coming up next year .
Mike took his car into the garage today . Someone crashed into Mike's red Honda .
Deirdre and Beth are planning a girls weekend for Beth's mum's 40th birthday . Deirdre will give Beth a tenner or so per session to start off for her lunch , coffee and bus fare .
Gloria and Emma have 4 hours for the exam . There are some rules and some typical texts from previous years . Gloria recommends Emma to read all the texts .
Karen and Adam are worried about May . She's depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist . Karen will call a psychologist for advice .
Mark lied to Anne . Anne saw his passport and it's 40 .
It's Wharton's birthday next week . Augustine , Darlene and Walker will buy him a paper shredder at the party .
Ollie , Kelly and Jessica are going to a sculpture garden in Finnland . Ollie's place is Nagoro village in Japan .
Selah can't see the phone number of the person on the photo .
Eric and Bella's boss appreciated their decision to dismiss the request of a client . He was looking forward to bring in new clients .
Ben and Emma are going to arrive to NY around 4 . 30 PM . Ben will wake Emma up at 4 . 15 .
Jesse , Melvin , Lee and Maxine are going to chip in for the Refuge Christmas foundation .
Mary is broke . Carter will lend her a few box in an hour .
Paula tells Charlotte how to pronounce the name of the plant Natal lily .
Jack and May are going to have a drink later .
Margaret has a terrible headache . Jack will buy her a painkiller .
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting . Andrei and Serge have an outstanding bill to pay with the company . Serge will let Andrei know if it works out .
Janice will not get her son a hamster for his birthday . Martina got one for her son and it stank up the whole house .
Daniel , Mary and Lucas have played DA II . Lucas has just started playing DA II and is trying to get used to the mechanics .
Judy is always attracted to jerks and Bruce is not .
Chloe is on tv on a programme in which women undergo a complete metamorphosis .
Ala is on her way to a meeting . Tina will let Ala know how the meeting went .
Sebastian and his partner moved here a year ago . Sebastian is happy with his decisions . Kevin wants to win the lottery .
Son will come home this weekend . Frank will tell his mother that he will come .
Ola and Momo are on a trip in Cuba . Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again . Ola will buy a new scarf from Kate .
Mike should ask Mary for John's number .
Wujek Janek has tween cows . Ella wants to touch them .
Josh thinks Stephen has taken his notebook . Jack will bring it to Stephen tomorrow .
Adele got a new 4 months old pup biscuit lab . He's called Bones . The other dogs are not fighting with him .
Kristian and Tabora are playing games . They are going to keep going .
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's place . Cathy will come round at 10 tonight to pick them up .
Petra and Andy are sleepy . Ezgi is working at the office .
Nick would like to meet up for a drink with Jane . Jane is not interested .
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy . He didn't tell Adam and Nate .
Lilly is going to be late , so Gabriel will order something for her .
Celine will drop by in the evening if she decides to come to Cara .
Craig needs help with his computer . Derek will help him in 20 minutes .
Abigail's smog alert app shows that the norms have been exceeded by 30 today . Emma needs to install the app .
Paul wants to buy red roses .
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop . Mary will pick it up whenever she comes to the shop .
Gary and Lara are going to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm . Lara will pick up the cake and get the balloons .
Paul is close to the Mac . Laura has waited 30 minutes for him . Paul is 15 minutes late .
Hugh and Salma like the latest cat meme .
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford . Peter didn't . He has to look for other university .
Jake , Nadia and Vanessa don't have english today . Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement .
Brandon has lost his credit card . He will have to wait for a new one . Ian will lend him 100 .
Inez , Alicja , Patrycja and Gosia enjoyed their evening . They will go to a new restaurant on Wednesday .
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up . Ana will visit grandma tomorrow .
Joyce , Michael and Edson are going to buy a ticket .
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4 30 instead of 5 .
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert at the Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden next week . Morgan got two tickets .
Liam and Julia are going to a meeting with Tess at the city library .
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday . He will bring it to uni tomorrow .
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow . Linda loves their pasta and brownie .
Natalie , Martin , Margot and Mia will come to Anna's birthday on 6th of November at 1930 .
Mia and Elliot are going out after work tonight . They are going to grab some drinks . Elliot will pick Mia up .
Jayden doesn't want to have any children now , but maybe in the future when she's financially independent .
Gulab forgot to check the results of the game . USA won last night . England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2 00 .
John is coming in 10 minutes and wants Ela to give him his walle outside . Ela was talking to her mom .
Mark told his sister that Mary is working from home and earning well . Mary doesn't like it that his sister is trying to contact the people she works for .
Fiona will prepare a tart for Chris . Tina will help her . Fiona bought the crust .
Peadar , James and Helen are going to Jesus bar from around 9 . 15 . Peadar and Oli will join them . Anne double booked herself .
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the situation in Ukraine . They hope the leaders of nations will react to this .
Finn and Zadie are going to a neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow . They will meet at 2 o'clock at the main entrance .
Jacob has not listened to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago . He will do that later tonight .
Someone locked the door from outside and Max can't let Ray out . Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him .
Harry has just bought a new sofa and needs pillows . Kim will tell his mom that grey is the best colour .
Josh needs to buy an iPad . Brian recommends Samsung , Xiaomi , Sony and Samsung . Josh will call Brian after work .
Olafur and Nathalie will go to Soho for New Year's Eve .
Andy has a quiz tomorrow . He will study for it .
Kim is looking for a place to get fresh ramal fish in Warsaw . Margot suggests trying the marketplace at Polna street . Kim will grill it for a special occasion .
Tom and Ben will meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room . Tom will take all Ben's papers .
Ashleigh and Peter are going to the cinema . Ashleigh got a job .
Danna's Saturday was boring . Danna called maybe 5 8 of her friends and they aren't around or are busy . Reed doesn't have a tv , his subscription expired and they want him to pay for it . Reed is in bed . Reed has no work tomorrow .
Alivia has been working on her thesis . She has problems finding research materials and writing . She finds the topic interesting , but when she's supposed to write , she blank out and can't type a single word .
Maddie is in Asda . John will buy white bread and some apples .
Jordan is going to a funeral tonight . He will call Elliot at 8 pm .
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th . Gina will get Flo a touch up kit at Tesco .
Rob is at the grocery store . Ann can't meet him . He needs some food for supper and lunch tomorrow . He will get cucumber , tomatoes , bananas , apples and whatever he likes .
Melany can't remember the last time she got laid .
Eric and Samantha's favourite professor is talking about the recent scandal on the news .
Jacky and David will talk later when Jacky gets home .
Rick and Chris are in Cancun for their last two days before flying to Havana . They will skype tomorrow at 3 pm .
Ying sends Helen and Norma a photo of her 10 years .
Missy gets out of work at 6 . She and Daniel will go for drinks after dinner .
Pete and Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school .
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy .
David is coming home for Christmas next week . Jane will get him an ipad . David will order it online and have it shipped home .
Betty and Isabella would like to do something together .
Amy is working now .
Huda is going swimming in 2 hours . Alex will join her .
Janet is ashamed . Janet , Alison , Buff , Linda , Arlene , Leslie , Sue , Cheryl , Roz and Eric are angry with Donald Trump .
Rashi is confused about her career options . Teacher advises her to choose a career based on what interests her .
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school to the department in charge of school violence . Dimitri will call Corbin now .
Joel doesn't know a good technician to fix PC's . Pablo is on vacation this week . Cynthia or Elena might know someone . Marta will ask them .
Ann is planning a surprise party for her dad's birthday . He's turning 50 . Fiona and Ann will go to a paintball game with the whole family .
Fatima talked to Jenson about Alene . He thinks she may have a depression . She won't go to the doctor . Fatima and Lincoln will go there .
Lisa has to clean the house . Bob will clean the bathroom .
Luke and martial will go to Jose's office tomorrow to let him know that they are ready to play .
Julie and Emily wish each other a Merry Christmas .
Frederick and Ricky don't like their new next door neighbors .
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the Lister's clothes factory . Brenda lives in Stoke now . Sandra lives in Kings Norton . Brenda has 4 grandchildren , ages 2 , 4 , 9 and 15 . Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago and she has only one grandchild , 7 . Brenda and Sandra will organise a reunion for the Listers's girls next Saturday .
John and Joan will go to see A Star is Born on Thursday around 8 pm .
George and Donna are going to meet in a coffee shop tonight to discuss a delicate matter .
Louis and Fabian are going to see each other .
Crystal and Irene are going shopping with their little boy . Irene will take him .
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cute little cat .
Matt got a ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo . He will see Thomas and Maria there .
Chris pushed some girls into the pool and got them to undress .
Jeff , Lia and Mico are going to the village party . Mico will drive and Jeff will drive .
Paul will couch the game on Saturday .
Fred will pick Luke up from the train at 3 15 .
Jack is going to the casting . He will meet Ryan there .
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays . Joanne is going back home . She always liked spending Christmas with her family , but her parents separated a few months ago . Her dad left her mum for his secretary . She will cheer her up .
Raul didn't sleep well yesterday evening and today morning . He had weird dreams of his uncle .
Angie has severe stomach pain . Ms . Quinn signed her up for an appointment with Doctor McCormick .
Kelvin and Naheeda will sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class .
Linda , Karen and Ronnie are going to a pasta joint next to their apartment . They will take their lunch out to the park .
Marty has sprained his ankle . Christine will pick up Marcel from school and take him to the doctor tomorrow morning .
Peyton wants Cameron to bring her a video game . Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week .
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow . She will tell Willyx how it went .
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment . He will schedule a new appointment . Emma will be home after midnight . Paul will prepare some food for her .
Sean overslept again .
Chris invites Tom and his brother to a jacuzzi in his garden . They will bring their swimming trunks and watch TV in the living room . Chris has WiFi . Tom only gets 6GB on his phone when he gets outside Ireland .
Cindy will call Ela and tell her that Harry needs to talk to her .
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk . Adam will take him with him .
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday . He's coming back in the afternoon .
Gaia has 6 exams this term at the university . Only one is hard .
Mr . Williams and Ms . Blair will go for a coffee at 2 p . m . near the square in a side alley .
Jeff's skin condition is fine . He doesn't have to be on meds all the time . Tina has the same condition and takes meds on the daily .
Kristina and Estefania are watching America's top model Tyra Banks on tv . Jannette is not home yet .
Daniel is flying to Bologna this fall . He will stay at the airport for 2 hours only . Simone will visit Marco in December for a weekend .
Mike will call Dale back in 2 hours .
Timmy had a bad day at work because his boss snapped at him . Gemma is organising a bbq at the weekend . Timmy will come .
Pat will come in the evening around 9 pm . Bart will open the door for Pat . Pat and Bart will see each other tomorrow .
Ashley is at the camp . Erin will come over to the restaurant to do the interview .
Maria , Kate and Tommy are preparing a power point for the conference . Tommy is paying 10 a month for the prezi .
Maxwell and Jeanice are going to meet for a coffee some time to talk about Marcus at school .
Mike , Tom and Ben will go for a beer now .
Leah met a creep at the poetry reading last night . He asked her about an event she had attended and named all of her friends that had come with her . He googled Leah out . He tried to walk her home .
Nicky has just left Dave's place .
Ken wants his money back from Greg . Ken is a prankster .
Tom arrived safely , without luggages .
There are 5 bouncy castles in the hall and a HUGE bouncy dragon . The university organised a carnival party for children .
Ian is looking for his green folder . He left it on the dining room table .
Simon will be free at 5 and Adrian will talk to him .
Jen is fed up with her partner . She wants him to move out . She doesn't want to ask him to leave , but she's afraid of asking him to .
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight . She won't be home tonight . Dean will grab something on his way back home .
Gab and Kat are going to meet up for a drink .
Agatha's presentation is ready as we speak . She used recent research .
Imagine Dragons are coming to the ABC Theatre on 12 July . Sally and Tim will go together .
Andrew took Bez's car and went to Krizingen . Bez is in a hotel lobby now and uses a phone credit . The car passed general inspection only in June . The garage next to Willig took the car today and it was fine . The plants in the basement are watered once a week but not too much .
Laura will visit her parents next Saturday . Keith will cook her lasagne .
Pegah will be back at 22 00 . Miriam invited a few people over to have a cup of tea with Pegah .
Pam has to go shopping , cook and clean for Tom's birthday . She doesn't have time to pick up the balloons from the store in the city centre . Robert will text her the address .
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year . Jody will do some charity work at Christmas .
Jim will listen to Max's latest project when he gets home .
Shannon hasn't heard the new 30 seconds to mars album . Kane recommends it to Shannon .
Andy will visit Paul in about 1 hour to have a coffee with him and discuss political cases .
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again .
Ron wants Josh to check his email .
Phoebe can't go out today because her mum is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it .
Rob and Eve are meeting up on Sunday . Eve has some stuff to do around 3 .
Betty and Sandra are going to meet at Betty's place at 6 .
Anna and Peter are playing a game with the app . Anna is making fun of Peter .
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis , but it's not working any more and it hurts .
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight . He will travel to Judah's place by bus .
Chloe hasn't watched the series Biwott told her yet . She will watch it during the weekend .
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo above the ankle . Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it .
Wendy and David's upstairs toilet might be blocked . They can't afford to pay the plumber this month . They will have to wait until the next paycheck .
There is left hand traffic in Rowen's country . Kaylen wouldn't be able to drive there .
Tom wants to go to a piece of land in the middle of nowhere .
Emely needs Titus to help her with a task . She will send him a photo of the task and he will write her answers .
Aldo sent Marco his article . Marco will print it and read it now . It's 12 pages long .
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday . She lives in Michigan . He hasn't seen her for a few months .
Hannah and Brooklyn have New Year's resolutions for 2019 . Hannah is going to lose weight and exercise everyday or at least 3 times a week . Hannah wants to learn how to cook and start meal prepping . Hannah also wants to find her future husband . Brooklyn doesn't want to make any resolutions .
Trevor has a problem with Abigail's father , who is a church pastor . Trevor is going to ask his uncle Richard for advice on how to break the news to her father .
Julia and Gail are addicted to social media . Julia likes looking at photos of her friends and sharing stuff with them . Gail likes to spy on people .
Miranda called Tom yesterday . She knows Anne and Tom are dating .
Ella needs the information for the catering company . Barbara and Eva are coming .
Sarah will reach New York this coming Thursday . Joshua will be waiting for his gift .
Allison got a scholarship . Maya and Sarah will celebrate with her whenever they want .
Abdellilah and Sam will see each other at 9 .
Betty and Phil are going to the cinema tonight . They will meet at 6 . 30 near the theatre . Betty will book the tickets on the website . Betty and Phil will have dinner at home tonight .
Robert is looking for a new job . Serge will send Robert's CV to a Belgian guy who is thinking of opening a new factory here .
Lily spent an amazing night with Thomas . He is Romanian , from an extremely rich family . He works at LSE .
Sam wants to order a black dress for his wife . Sarah fashion will mix and match the designs to create a new design .
Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends . Mckinley is not a phone selfie person .
Mike is going to the gym and then home . Jason will bring his food and come over . They will play some Destiny 2 on ps4 later .
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months . Linda's brother is going to live there . Daisy will help Linda pack .
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis and then he needs to decide what studies he should choose . He's interested in African studies but he's not sure he can make big money later on . He was thinking about working as a flight attendant but he can't work there forever .
Alan has found a new company that has no sugar , no taste , and additional cinnamon flavoring . Alan and Robert like it .
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight . Yaz will pick Mary up at 6 .
Aaliyah and Camille are at the university . Camille is sick . Ellie and Aaliyah are having their classes on 342 on the second floor .
Nathan and Aaron are laughing at a video of a cat taking a dump .
William will be back in 5 minutes . Emma is waiting for him .
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow . He got a 30 discount on them .
Freddie is watching Mad Men on Netflix . Kelly has just finished The Crown . Freddie recommends Outlander or The Tudors . Jim is watching I , Zombie . Bob and Nancy enjoy Grimm or Sabrina . Greg is watching House of Cards . Alan is catching up with Friends .
Sonia and Toni are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so . Toni recommends an airbnb place to Sonia .
Malik and Samantha will try the paleo diet and the keto diet together .
Derek and Phil had a busy day . Phil couldn't close any deal .
Nova and Dominic are photoshopping Timothée Chalamet into artworks .
Peter has been busy with work and working out . He has a membership with the gym near his office . He does weights and run on the treadmill . Lisa wants to improve her health .
Julia broke Tom's cup . She will buy him a new one .
The CSS tests are today . Hank and Rodney's 10 year old kids are 10 years old . The tests are supposed to last from 5 8 pm . 3 hours . Hank will bring a blanket .
Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown and bought a table , six chairs , a vase , a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros .
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday . Abigail reminds Damien to wear a coat and tie .
Desiree wants Lucian to keep her pasta in the microwave . Lucian hasn't cooked anything .
Doug is jealous of Jeni's shoes .
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews .
Emily and Kate will meet in Pub X at the central station at 5 . 30 . Marta will join them at 6 .
Anne and Jane went to La Perle with Jane and Ella . They ordered a cheesecake . Jane is allergic to peanuts .
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home .
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown . Aviana can't go with her .
Jane is getting halloween costumes with her sister at Value Village . Connor got his today . Jane is going with him .
Mary didn't go to school today .
Tom and Jeffrey are few meters from Jeffrey and Elena .
Sophia apologizes to Mason . She will send him a photo of a kiss .
Steffen twisted his ancle yesterday . Irene and Dan will give him a lift to the infinity pool .
Mike , Jake , Florence , Margot and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini .
Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later on .
Jill called her girlfriend and sent her Bob's pictures . Bob was living with Jill and she kicked him out .
Peter starts his new job on the 6th . Aggie will get a babysitter then .
Aimee and Soren are looking for Maryam . She might be with his father .
George , Robert and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p . m . Yousuf will come half an hour later to help his sister with her car .
Mitch will take Bill and Sammy to the International camp on the 29th of July . Rory will chip in for gas . Mitch will try to get there early on Monday morning .
Jones and Angelina will meet today later in the afternoon in town .
Derek and Alyssa like Fergie's national anthem .
Pam will call Lauren in the morning and let her know if she still needs her for tomorrow . Lauren had a good holiday .
Harriette and her friends went ghost hunting once in high school . They went to investigate a run down building in the neighbourhood . They didn't see any ghosts .
Jack can't get the application running . Kev will be with Jack right now .
Dan and Angela are going to meet at school later .
Shaldona and Piper are getting married . Shaldona is sending Piper a mobile inviation for their wedding .
Paula and Ralph will meet with the new person in an hour .
Ania , Kasia , Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland .
Harry is waiting for Ema outside . Ema will be there in 5 minutes .
Jeff , Vladimir and Tanya are discussing the Caspian agreement .
Joe's job is wearing him out . He's getting more work .
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen .
Jamie , Marlo and Alex are going to make presentations in groups . They will make 3 presentations per team .
John is in the park . Nora talked on the phone to his math teacher . John is leaving the park to talk to Theresa .
There was a huge crowd outside the book shop today . Louis's friend told him that a new writer , who writes about vampires , was there signing copies of his books .
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy . Kelly recommends the green one . Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself .
William and Emilia are still angry .
Mia will use Tom's credit card to buy a flight ticket . She will send him the flight , company and her personal data .
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently . Andy recommends ProDent in the centre . Wade and Hugh need to go for a checkup too .
Ella's mom won a hundred thou in the lottery .
There was a car accident on circle drive . There were no deaths .
Rob and Bob are watching the game . Jim is going for a skiing trip with his family next weekend . He might organize a meetup with a few friends at some bar this weekend . Rob will let him know if he can come .
Julie and Debra are going to meet up over the weekend . There will be 20 girls from the village 40 .
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg .
David went to Ethan's house to babysit his sister . He had to go through a lot . Avery got a text from Ethan thanks to David . David has just turned his phone on .
Conrad forgot his keys . Tiffany will be home at 10 11 . Rebecca is coming back even later . Conrad will wait for her in the coffee shop .
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night .
Holly doesn't feel well and she's not coming to the party tonight .
Jacopo and Ludmila's favourite dinosaur was a triceratops .
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight . Logan would like to meet some girls .
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place .
Claire is going to order a dress for the wedding .
Victor has taken over Chris's company . He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office . David was worried about Chris . Victor wants Chris to own the company . David's business is slow but he's expecting it to get better by the end of the year .
Patricia has sent Elle and Florence a fair trade brand .
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles . He will be back after 3 or 2 days . Abigail and Ethan will meet soon .
Stan will take her to Pat Gill's today . He will let Dave know how it was .
Abby met Miro yesterday at the party . Miro's father came from Albania to the US in the early 1990s . He speaks only Albanian with his parents .
Julie has just watched a Japanese horror movie . Paula will come over to Julie's house and they will drink cocoa and watch when Harry met Sally . Rose will bring cookies for the cocoa .
Lucy's little girl is 15 . Lucy and Patricia don't know what to do now .
Dan , Tim , Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8 . Tom is out .
Casey did her nails herself , but it took her nearly 4 hours . Amelia and Kristen want her to do their nails too .
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment that is due tomorrow . Kate reminds her about it .
Half of the class is sick and the school trip is off . Helen has a perdiatrician , doctor Tornez .
Louise hasn't seen her mum today , because she's with Grace .
Caroline thinks his mother doesn't like her . Caroline is his first gf and she's jelous . He is 26 and lives at home with his mother and gramma . He's an introvert .
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand while playing with his cat . He ordered a new one on Tuesday and will pick it up on Tuesday .
Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop . He's going to the mall tomorrow . Olaf will help him to find a good deal .
Nancy and Vic prefer Facebook to Twitter . Vic prefers Facebook . Phil prefers Twitter .
Amanda , Peter and Dan have seen the guy with dreads .
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay . Sue will transfer the money in .
Jess is in a traffic jam in West Bronx .
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow 9 . Nada will lend his laptop to Dima . Dima will pick it up in an hour .
Betty and Kelly went to the pub at 2 am and met more people from school . Kelly met a man who was with someone .
Anne will invite Adele and Louise for Easter . Adele will bring Anne eggs and chocolat ones .
Peggy's computer has a problem with the circuit board . Melody recommends her to buy a new one . Peggy will write if she has any questions .
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes . Janet is waiting for him . Janet's day was ok but her boss is a pain in the ass .
Mark , Anna , George and Julia are going on a package tour . They will choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator .
Stanley can't go for the weekend with Alison because of work . She accused him of having an affair . Stanley will talk to her when she's back . Bill and Stanley need to take care of the Lidem project right now . The analysis of tasks is not done yet , Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone . The division of the tasks is on Bill .
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with a pinkish blue umbrella . She got it as a present from her mother a few years back . She will try calling the cafe .
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora . She will have an interview on Monday . Catherine will prepare a review before the interview .
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a . m .
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded . Andrea will write to the owner and Dan will do it himself .
Linda is cooking Curry for dinner .
Matt feels his homestay parents don't treat him well . They take Carlos for subway and prefer talking to him . They have to pay more for electricity .
Katie and Ann spent a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau . Ann's cousin , Erik's wife , is the cousin of Ann Cairns , who is Katie's best friend . Katie will send a text to Ann's son to tell him where Ann wants to pick him up tomorrow .
Sharon's mum is angry at her and she's grounded . Ahmed wants her to move out of her parents' house . She doesn't want to move in with him .
Rob is not sure if he's getting dumber or getting older . He's looking at today's memes .
Mike will get a refill for the hand sanitizer by the restrooms .
Cheryl had an argument with her mom and she kicked her out . She doesn't have to move right now , but she gave her time till the end of the year .
David is landing at 17 30 at Sevilla . Victor will pick him up from the airport .
Ann will buy a laptop from Josh for 200 dollars .
Mike will do the washing up . Sara will do it when she gets back from the cinema with Jack .
Gary wants to drive for Uber . Ellie told him it was a terrible idea . He loves it . He has met a lot of cool people .
Leah offers Kristi a 20 discount coupon for the online shop . Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time .
Steve will call Sue when he gets this .
Andre and Megan are shocked by the bear attack on the zoo .
Mick didn't get the confirmation from AES yet . Barbara did . Mick will call them .
Alan wants to know why they doubled the costs in the line other expenses compared to last year . Allison explains that it was because their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention .
Liam and Nate will meet in 15 minutes at Liam's place .
Duncan wishes Carl the best in this year's championship . Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year . Duncan and his family will attend the championship . Duncan has reserved a place in the VIp for Carl .
Terry will take Dinny's dog away before Dinny comes .
Anastasia and Darrell have new school photos . Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID .
Kim is going to Seoul on April 3 . Jane will be the tour guide . Agatha and Mark will go with her .
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo .
Josh lost his brand new sneakers last Tuesday . He left them in the gym . The gym is closing . He will try to check the swimming pool .
It's Valentine's Day . Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup . Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work .
Sawyer and Wheeler are going to a ball game tonight at 5 . 30 . Sutter is injured . The game starts at 8 .
Sarah and Daina are going to a casual party in about an hour .
Carmen will help Viola organize the wedding on Friday night .
Madeline and Alex had an argument today . They are going for a beer tomorrow .
Betty will call Grandpa from time to time .
William will prepare spaghetti alla vongole for dinner . He will make garlic golden , add wine and then clams .
Maria , Sarah , Alexander and Lawrence will meet tomorrow evening at 17 15 to discuss IMF lecture and do the calculations .
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow . Hannah and Anna will go with her .
Tabby has 2 exams next week . Laura passed all exams but one . Tabby will come to Daisy's party on Saturday .
Joel , Becky and Trent have a kitten named Coco . It took them 2 days to win her over .
Kyra's flat apartment number is 187 . Sosie will be there in 5 minutes .
Ronnie uses three different bins compost , recycle and trash . He uses dry recyclables , food and general , compost .
Tina is still at work . Tina will call Adam when she's back home . She will call him tomorrow before 9 .
Natalie is pregnant with Mike's baby .
Steve wants anything but chicken for lunch .
Timmy and his date will come to Lona and Michelle's wedding receptions . Gemma wants to come to their wedding receptions too .
Millie is sick and she won't come today .
Daisy wants Lisa to be back before 11 pm .
The bus is leaving in 3 minutes . Tina is almost there and she's already dressed .
Sophie will collect the quince from Noah's terrace . The twins will visit Noah tomorrow afternoon .
Harry is going to Ikea . He will buy a white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm , two medium size wardrobe organisers the ones with grey flowers , one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah , a Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs .
Cindy is sad . She doesn't want to talk about it . Ellie finds it funny .
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday . They will go to the disco next time they see each other .
Mark and Jeff are going to try out his new car . Mark will bet 100 bucks that he will be the first one to drive it .
Ann and Julie congratulate Sue and Sue . They will have a little celebration tonight .
Kathy's aunt is getting a haircut today . Kathy is going to get her hair cut a bit shorter .
Mr . Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client . He needs to discuss a couple of matters with Claudia and Andy .
Den will invite his mother for tea on Friday after work .
Mum is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles . Ludo is in class 3 .
Chandler wants Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside her door .
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai , which has 25 million inhabitants .
David has sent a report to Russ . Russ will take a look at the report in a moment and will send David remarks if he has any . David will answer some emails . Russ should be done by midday with the report .
Catherine and Ben are going to visit uncle Steve . Ben doesn't want to go with them .
Clay is in the class room in the library .
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first . He and Alice will go to the wash tomorrow .
Bert will try to get home on time . Julia will wait for him with the dinner .
Steve's new dishwasher has been installed . It's a 12 place setting one .
Harvey and Michelle are waiting for an update . Michelle is still researching .
Joy is coming back on Thursday . Bill and Joy will see each other .
The cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden is closed . Julia and Henry hope they will reopen somewhere else . They will go to the Lilly's instead .
Olivia has a lot of work to do . She needs to do her accounts and get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months . She also has a few videos to upload to YouTube .
Emily has broken one of Linda's green tea cups . Emily was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room . Emily will take out the whole green set .
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend .
Sandra is getting better . She has some effective medicines now . Stella wants to take her to the cinema . Stella will do some research in her friends' midst .
Harley and Ruby are discussing a divorce filing . The guy was a serial cheater and his wife is taking him to the cleaners . He will get a monthly settlement , half his pension and half of his pension .
Ken is stressed because of work , fighting with Brad and his mom . He is going to see the show on Saturday night and see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo .
It's derby day today . Titus is supporting Manchester United .
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time .
Jason was absent today . He had a dental appointment .
Don has a meeting with the management board today at 2 pm in the conference room . Catering will bring some tea , coffee and snacks . Don will get a cab to the airport . Cindy has bought his plane tickets and booked the hotel .
Samuel is in Laos . He ordered a joint and a mushroom pizza from the happy menu .
Mike and Celia will go to Croatia for holiday .
Jasmine and Paola love Galway Girl by Charlie Puth .
Sharon can't go to the salon this week . Jaz will pop in on Sunday at 2 . 30 to do Sharon's roots .
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes .
Kas will let Laura know tonight if he can tidy up her dreads for her this weekend .
Ally and Jill can't do more than 3 4 hours per day .
James and Mia are going to see an art exhibition of Professor Evans tomorrow . They will go to the exhibition and to the cinema with Amelia . Afterwards they will go back to James' place and hang out .
The readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are not yet in the print shop . Rita will go tomorrow morning and ask them to print more copies .
Ost bought a garage place in the garage . He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money . Vesna and Ost discuss the prices of garage places in Belgrade .
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours . She will be in Poraj around 7 pm . Julia will pick her up from the platform .
Kaylee is blocking Gavin because he's irritating .
Lara is coming to Marika today .
Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight . Lee can't stand Sheryl .
Erin has just baked a cake . She wants Zachary to bring her a piece of it . Zachary is busy cleaning the flat .
Joseph had three job interviews in two days . The first two were for concierge jobs at hotels . The third one was ok but the woman didn't like him .
Graham will send Sue 2 3 9 10 16 17 23 dates for weekends in the Romford area . Louise wants Graham to focus on motorways .
Brett and John are talking about WoW . Andrew's favourite RPG series is Final Fantasy .
Rael hates her job . She wants to quit and find a new one . Zach advises her to try IT .
Susan went to a rollerskating disco with her date .
Joe and Pete are going to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys tonight .
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is . Domigo explains it to her .
Hugh sent Julia and Joan a photo of his son .
Nathalie , Pauline and Anthony are going to Greece in August . They need to be back by August 10 . Nathalie's sister is getting married .
Maria and Lori will meet at Copley instead of Prudential as there is a traffic jam .
Marta thinks that Jay is a pathological liar . He lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town .
Chuck , Telly and Ally are planning to go to Luke's party on New Year's . There's also a party at Bernie's . Telly will check it out .
Karen passed her driving test .
Gill needs a new peeling . Bunny advises her how to make her own .
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester . Chris stayed home with Ann for the first time .
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign is going well . They've got around 200 backers . They're a little over 6000 dollars .
Liam will pick Kane up at 8 .
Kate just had a fight with Chris . Kate is angry with Chris and she doesn't see the point of talking to him . Chris is an immigrant once , he was working abroad and he thinks that Mexican children are worse and that they should be kept away from the US .
Celine and Mark went skating on skates . It's Mark's first time .
Sarah and Lia are going to the Negev for Passover . Sarah bought the tickets yesterday for 500 quid . Lia will see if her family can help her out . Sarah is flying on the 28th .
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday . Jack hasn't received it yet . Gene will send him the tracking number .
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day . Stephanie wants to cancel tomorrow's meeting .
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at fabro ficule .
Raymond has a regular cheese and pepperoni pizza and a pesto pennes . He wants to have both . Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes and bring wine .
Zack and Dwayne are going to watch the new Jersey Shore season .
Will is standing in a line longer than the post office itself to send a traditional letter .
Tobi , Nicholas and Serena went to the new club in Cork last weekend . It was a waste of time .
Molly and Margaret are going to Sweden for a week in January . They bought cheap tickets half a year ago .
Frank and Avril are going to see horse racing at the weekend .
Mair will bring Adam and Xander to Multisports tomorrow at half 10 . Mel will take them this week .
Ethan and Ray will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place . Ethan will pick up the kids at 9 pm .
Diana is going to a hip hop workshop . Diana and Frann will go together in a week .
Pam lost her phone . She will post a reward and post someone's phone number on the screen .
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus . There will be an article in the paper . The assailant had a mask on . He's in the hospital .
Nathan and Deborah are going on a trip to the forest tomorrow . They need to pack everything today . Nathan is seeing the dentist after work . Deborah will pick up the girls from school . Nathan and Deborah will meet at home at 6 . Nathan will buy syrup for travel sickness .
Casper , Alexander and Igor are not going for tomorrow's classes with Mr Linda . They are going to meet near the university instead .
Javier is looking for a tattoo parlors with English speaking employees . Judie's girlfriend had a 1000 tattoo done at Warsaw ink .
Sam and Jessica are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August . They will be at the hotel around 2 pm .
Marsha , Cynthia , Mohammad and Gavin are going to spend a week on the beach in Nosy Be in Madagascar . It's more expensive than hotels on the mainland but cheaper than Italy .
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now . He was educated in Loughborouogh . Cyprien came from his mother's vagina .
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress . Ethel recommends a cheap dry cleaner at Jagiellonska 3 .
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna tonight . He's still upset about the things that happened .
It's cold outside . Kris and Ovi don't feel like going anywhere . Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold . Nadine is getting lots of sick patients at her clinic .
Leticia has lost her wallet . Lora and Miranda will lend her 10 . Leticia will have to get new documents .
The deadline for the application is Friday at noon . Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow .
Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's .
Daniel took Terence's money . Terence found it .
Lucy will have to throw the garbage out .
Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so . They will car pool together a couple of days a week .
Lindsey has just finished her class and wants to go for another class . Lindsey asked one girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her .
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow . She will stay for around a week . Jason and Lucy have 2 weekends left to produce the video . Jason has purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script .
Michelle and Jared used to go out together . Michelle doesn't want Jared to ask Kelly out .
Reeve , Winslow and Booker are going to Italy for winter break . Dodson and Trish will go to the seaside .
Zayna and Alex will meet tonight at 8 pm at Zayna's place .
Grace didn't get to talk to Audrey at the party last night . Grace is excited about graduating soon . Grace will apply for grad school . Grace has also thought of taking a year off .
Monica will send Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake .
Ethan will send Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute .
Amanda watched parks and rec . She doesn't like the main character .
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry . Harry has a broken car and a shitty job .
Randal got everything except the nail polish . He's still in the store . He doesn't know which one to buy .
Mike and Pat will meet up one day to play hoops .
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day of the dinner . The registrations are transformed into text in Excel . Nate has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables .
Enrique and his class enjoyed Farrah's Fossils collection . Farrah will come back again to Enrique's class next time . Enrique will give her name and number to the 4th grade students .
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics . At night the temps fall to 3 and there is a white ground frost in the morning . On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen in icy wind and sunshine .
Trinny , Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance .
Emma and Peter are going with Peter to Amiens tomorrow . Daniel and Emma will meet at Emma's place by 9 am .
There is a 10 coupon code pawesome10 for new customers when they checkout .
Hugh and Wanda are going to make a pizza .
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco . The last conference took place in 1993 .
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tommorrow .
Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious .
Tommy will lend Derek an Android cable for an hour . Tommy's wife Paulina will give it to Derek .
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday . Derek will give her his keys on Thursday .
Laura , Kelsey , Oona and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8 10 . Oona will buy the tickets for Laura .
Rob wants to start a Get off the couch challenge . He will start with 30 minutes of activity every day . Greg and Will advise him to look for variety of exercises such as walking , biking , swimming .
Bennett is in town . Cynthia and Bennett will go to a new bistro .
Lorenzo has just arrived in Arezzo . He will take the keys from the guy from airbnb and go to the room with a view on the duomo .
Walker will come with his Xbox console to play all night with Booker .
Laura's mom passed away this morning . Kristian and Anne want to visit Laura .
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods . They want to re build them , but the cost to fix the damage is too high .
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias on the making of the play Ana saw last year . Ana invites Carlton to join them for dinner and drinks on Saturday at 7 .
John likes Bristol Stool Scale . Henry had a nice poop this morning .
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week . They are scared of the long flight , earth quakes and tsunamis . James reckons nothing will happen .
Linda won't be able to do any gardening before leaving . Mika will buy her a few plants .
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room . Marenda wants Drade to apologize and send the invitation to him . Drade doesn't want to talk about it .
Kate broke her arm and they're sending her to the hospital . Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception .
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni . Frank will go out with Charlie and his sister tonight .
Clara is at the gym and won't be back before 7 . Bella and Clara will meet at 7 30 . Clara will fix a snack and Bella will bring the wine . Bella will park somewhere along the road .
Jose , Amanda and Ricky wish each other a merry Christmas and a happy new year . Jose and Amanda are excited about the summer . Ricky is excited to go to Cuba . Jose will be Ricky's guide .
Susan and Rob will have dinner together tomorrow . Susan will cook something special .
Denise and Dominique are going to have a test tomorrow .
Steph is going to buy lamps from Ikea . She needs proper hangers from copper .
Peter wants to talk to Anna , but she's at work . Anna will call him in 20 minutes .
Jesse broke Stig's razor and wants to borrow it .
Patrick has changed his phone number .
Chiara and Yvonne were in Chicago 2 weeks ago . Lucy's uncle Sam was in hospital , but it's nothing serious . Lucy wrote to them .
Thomas will buy butter . Jack will wait for Thomas at home . Jack is making mushroom soup .
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop to work . Helen has a presentation today .
Jessica got a plant for her birthday and it's dying . She doesn't know the name of the plant . Boston looked it up on Google Images .
John and Annie are coming back to London . John lost his job in Germany . He got a better offer from a different IT company in London . Amber will have to look for a new flat .
Vicky , Ludovica , Greg , Brandon , Michelle and Audrey will meet at fratelli's at 7 . 30 pm .
Kaylin and Amir are joking about Cynthia and Joel . Kaylin has set three alarms for tomorrow .
Lois couldn't get onto her aacount . Keira's sister is grounded for the month .
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER station Vesinet at 5 30 pm .
Simon will fetch Helen some tissues as the toilet paper is finished .
There's a blizzard outside . Tom went hiking in the mountains a couple of years ago with a group of friends . They rented a cabin in the wild .
Lucy is going to the gig with Maggie and her friends at 6 pm . The gig starts at 8 .
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts for everybody tomorrow .
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus . Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer . Martha feels it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy .
Albert has just passed the driving exam on his fourth attempt .
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months . His mother has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years now and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement . Ravi tried naturopathy , but it didn't help .
Lynn and Diana don't want to have sex with an old man . Steviee and Wilbur are laughing at Lynn's joke .
Clint and Alice have a flu . Alice hasn't taken the vaccine .
Sandra left a Millas present at Marco's place yesterday . Marco will bring it over to Sandra .
Mum will wrap something up for Steve .
Zariah has a big pain in her back .
Hannah has to get up early for work tomorrow and has plans for tomorrow evening . James will pick her up at 8 on Saturday .
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink tonight at 8 at Red Lion .
Victor can't help Sara with the event on Saturday .
Dave will try to hit on Wendy soon .
Patricia wants George to call her in an hour .
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today . He's waiting in Luxembourg now .
Lena and Brian don't want to do the homework from the new professor .
Elvina and Averil are going to the local theatre .
Jair and Callum are busy .
Jacob is on his way to the parking lot . Emily wants him to hurry up .
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday but he made a story up .
Borns' new album , God Save Our Young Blood , is Rita's favourite . Florence's new single is out tomorrow .
Gloria is too poor for her therapy . Amanita suggests that Gloria should cook more .
Haley found an old photo of Bella when she was a kitten . Bella is about 2 weeks old now .
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century . Jeff has listened to some radio podcasts about the American economy . Jeff and Peter are worried about the economic war on China and Trump's unpredictability . Miranda and Peter think the global economy will get weaker in the early 2020s .
Alexa wants to confess to Hunter that she asked Ethan to insult her .
Ann has extra math classes at school and will be home at 7 .
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow as she needs to take Emma to the doctor . She needs to stay at home with her for a few days .
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend , but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation .
Samuel's language is Telugu . It is spoken in South east India . There are nearly 90 million speakers . It's written left to right and based on Brahmin script . Teluguland is 23 provinces and there are about 90 million people . Many people here are working for less than a hundred dollars a month .
Pete will have a look around for a different flavour of yogurt .
Eve , Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance .
Jenkin is a dolphin . Jenkin will bring Sophie a pack of cards tomorrow .
Daisy is sending Scarlett her RGS application .
Christie and Katie are tired after the party . They had fun .
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 tomorrow .
Lily and Daniel will rent a pop corn machine for their office Christmas party . They will screen Love Actually .
Louis wants to know what he should buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding .
Chris tried jogging today . Matt is taking pills that slows his heart rate . Matt and Chris have a conversation 5 minutes before Matt's work ends .
Eric and Dan have watched Punisher season 2 . Eric thinks the first one was better but the second one did some things better . Eric and Dan are disappointed that Netflix discontinued Daredevil .
Geri and Hilary will go to the mall tomorrow to buy new shoes . After work they will get some frozen yogurt .
The top management is coming from France next week . Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting .
Joana and Sandy will play some games . Joana will bring them to Sandy .
Jenny , Jeremy and Joan are going to a concert on Saturday . They will start with a drink in Barcelona .
John and Matt will have a practice today .
George and Blake are coming to Blake .
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago . Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening .
Martin bought two milk yesterday . He will buy two more in a couple of hours .
Jeremih is mad at his sister . Hansel will tell her to text back .
Joy will send Peter the link of her beauty shop .
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends at his place . Emma went to the seaside and visited a bunch of clubs . She ended up on the beach for midnight .
Andy is working late until 4 . Andy will be there by 8 .
Stewart and Shari don't want to vote for a Democrat . Shari and Stewart will volunteer to get out the voters .
Lydia added him on Facebook and he got engaged . Lydia is trying to ignore him . Lydia and Camila work in the same company . Lydia wants to talk to him .
Daria got a new job at a law firm .
Boris will amend Sarah's PTO request for the following week , Monday through Wednesday .
Blair and Chuck are seeing the wedding planner after work . They are meeting at Nonna Rita's . Chuck wants to order their seafood tagliatelle .
Alan has sent an email to Ruth . Ruth hasn't replied . Alan is sending her the email right now .
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour .
Frank and Hope love each other .
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday .
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park after work . They will do some shopping together .
Rudi and Henrietta are discussing the last video of Donald Trump and his interview with a congress woman .
Luis and Cole are in the same room . Cole wants to pass Luis his pillow .
Daniel passed his driving license exam . Kate congratulates him .
Andrew Simmons is sending a list with specific times for individual meetings tomorrow . Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't be able to come .
Rosie is feeling better today , but not good .
Veronica doesn't speak French . Ty needs a translator .
Emily is waiting to see her doctor . A nun and a blind crazy man are waiting with her .
Frank will help Mary and Lisa to transport the aquarium to the Aquarium .
Mario wants Conor to bring him a bucket of fries from KFC .
Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Xmas . Ditty will come over to collect it .
Damian , Jacob and Mason didn't watch the Chelsea game . Damian is happy that Higuain scored twice for Huddersfield .
Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him and Joe to a concert in Kenya .
Robyn drank too much last night and she's feeling better today .
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time .
Gino is not sure if he should wear the white or the black shirt . Renee advises him to stick with the black pants and see if he has another colored shirt . Gino will wear blue trousers and brown shoes .
James is driving there . Richard will be waiting for him at 6 15 .
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play .
Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives .
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night . Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 .
Yaz and Tania will meet in a pub on Friday at 8ish .
Anna and Jerry are discussing the history of the human race . Anna thinks the more she studies the more it makes no sense .
Robin is trying to read up on the Bulls Eye poker platform . Jacks has played on it several times and made a few bucks on it . He can send Robin links to some good sites .
Sergio has prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding . He will talk about how he's been a great friend over the years .
Edward , Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow . The boss is coming with them . They are going to an expo .
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm , but he will be around at 3 pm . Gabriel quit the office about a month ago . Gabriel is at home , looking into what he's doing next .
Susan's presentation was a disaster . Becky has a fever . Tom will pick her up and take her to her mother's house .
Noah and Leo are going to see solstafir at 21 . 11 on Wednesday . Noah might have to stay late at work .
Marleen and Barry are going to buy a present for Rita . Marleen is at Kaiser's . She wants Barry to buy her a yellow silk kerchief with yellow pattern . The most expensive one is 39 .
Johnatan , Darren and Lucas are going for a beer in the evening .
The cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday is still not ready . Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike . The party starts at Tricia Zandra . Zandra has to make decorations for the party .
Laura didn't get any replies from Sarah and Raf . Sarah is at Linate D . Laura is at the same hotel .
Adam is going to an exam in 10 minutes .
Paul will be home later than he thought . Paul will call Lena in 15 minutes and will tell her what happened .
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband . Nigel went to the concert last night in Paris .
There was a cat on the pitch at Goodison .
Ewan graduated . Uncle Jayson congratulated him .
Daniel , Michael , Matt and Brian are going to enter Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ross and Chandler are going to do karaoke tonight . Chandler will record everything .
Poppy and Harry would like to visit Lisbon . Poppy doesn't like parties . Harry likes travelling and sightseeing .
Brook wants Gyle to come and see something that happened yesterday .
Kate and Regina had a good feedback from their presentation . Only 3 people came to listen to it .
Barbara is home already and invites Sean and Zac to stay overnight . Sean will bring the dog .
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school . Kyle is leaving school at Easter . Quinn has GCSES . Kyle's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year . Quinn and Kyle will see each other outside the club at 6 .
Dick and Frank are going to see the apt in building 32 3 . They will see it in 30 minutes . Frank will bring a measure .
Mia and Steven will meet at 8 to grab something to eat before the movie starts at 9 pm .
Marshall and Lilly are going to watch Netflix tonight .
James is out from the team . He is angry with the coach . He has already texted him .
Priscilla told Stu that she needed the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop . Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD . Priscilla bought the software online .
Helen will double check if Salvage Industries are legit and have no PR problems .
Ginger will come to Phylis to get some sugar . She is baking a pie .
Anthony and Andrew will go for a beer around 9 . Anthony is taking his lady for a date in the evening .
Jill is bored and needs to find a job . Nate will call her when he gets off work .
Jake has just pulled his first TOTW this year . He will try him in one or two matches .
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend . Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop . Victoria has a tablet , but it has 2gb ram , so it's not enough for recording . They need to borrow it from somebody .
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time . He likes Thomas the Tank engine .
Jane may be 10 minutes late . Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance . Jane took the file with the xerox copies .
Ken is depressed and stressed out today . Ellen is worried about him .
Phil and Deana will look after Adrian's sunglasses that Deana found in the empty place above the radio .
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place . Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm .
Jessica will start in Palermo in Italy with the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses .
Maria likes Spencer's new stuff on Instagram . Maria wants to go part time next year , but it won't allow it for a year . Spencer is on 16 fixed hours at the cafe . He gets around 1000 of work a month before commission and tax . Maria will have to budget carefully .
Tim wants to organize a newbie gaming evening . He wants to invite a few people from work . He will talk with them about their tastes and experiences .
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15 December . Holy is out of town . Richard and Anne will meet at Starbucks down 8th street at 3 pm tomorrow . Holy will do some research tonight and send them back to Richard .
Gurdun is feeling a little bit better , but he will not be back at the uni this week . Russ had a flu three months ago . The team won the last match .
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a prank video on 03 24 .
Mummy and Thessalia wish Thess and Mike a happy Christmas .
Samara doesn't have anything new to tell JP .
Michael can't make it today . He can't leave the office before 8 pm . He will call Tom tomorrow .
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work .
Simon , Charlie and Simon are discussing the EU's immigration policy . Simon and Charlie think Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration .
Tilly had a detention at school . She will be home in about 40 minutes .
Mell and Gloria are going to have a BBQ on Saturday at Mell's place . Gloria will do the food and Mell will get the drinks .
Whitney and Shadrack will take Hailey to I max cinemas the day Aqua man is released . Shadrack and his girlfriend will be accompanying them .
George got a cooking pot for Christmas . His wife wants him to help her in the kitchen .
Lincoln has broken Hudson's toilet seat . He will buy and install a new one . Hudson will try to replace it .
Katherine is going to bring her around 11 . Kayla finishes at 11 .
Lorena got a new desk and it comes with assembly instructions but she can't do it . Martin will help her tomorrow .
Ralph asked Everett for Amy's phone number . Everett gave it to him .
Ross has to work 3 hours tonight . Ross and Diane are going to chill at home .
Ed , Valerie , Chris , Lor , Jessica and Matt are against sex .
Cristina and Gaya will meet at Gaya's studio next week to discuss the shoot .
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw next July . Matt and Tony want to go . The cheapest tickets start from pln 250 .
Dan will split the food from the BBQ equally between everyone . Ashley , Ken , Sara , Eric , Vicky and Gerardo .
Harper and Camila are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight . They will buy a bottle of wine , a take away and stay in for the evening . Harper will order a delicious meal from the restaurant .
Michael and Vanessa are on their way to the birthday party . Peter is stuck in a traffic . There was an accident .
Callan's Samsung S8 overheats and it takes a while for it to restart again . It's still under warranty . Callan will go to the store and let them see it .
Mike is in London . Jake congratulates him .
Andrea can't come to work today because her son is sick and she needs to take him to the doctor . Patrick will take care of him for a couple of days .
Phil will be home in an hour . Nancy will make an apple pie for Phil .
Bryan has asked his manager to send the payment tonight .
Richie and Clay are excited about Pogba's strike .
Sybille is trying to make her online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th , but she gets an error message . Sybille's son couldn't get his flight yesterday , so he has to sleep in the airport . Air France will send her a new ticket for her son .
Natalia , Harriet and Lara are going to book a flight today .
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now .
Holt wants to buy his 21 year old sister a set of DVDs and cosmetics for her birthday .
Georgia wants to buy it but she doesn't know where to wear it .
Miley and Aaron don't want to go to work tomorrow .
Greg will stay at Nina's place for two nights longer in BG . Nina will pick him up from work and he will spend two days at work .
Amal and Amir like Beyonce's tweet .
Alec has seen the last America's Got Talent . He likes the girl . He thinks she might win the edition .
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money from John . John sent the money to the wrong account . John will have to go to the bank tomorrow and ask if they can re send it to the right account .
James is not watching the game and is going to work .
Lilian is at Helen's place because her phone battery died .
Simon and Freddy are going to sing at the school concert on Friday . Freddy will send Simon three backing tracks for the things he likes to sing .
Tommy got home from the station . His mum didn't pick him up . Wayne will send him the pictures from the weekend .
Tobias and Trevor will grab a beer at 9 at Tobias's place .
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself . Autumn has sewn a dress . Autumn will put some photos of the dress on the site soon .
Henny and Frances wish each other a good New Year . Frances is back from the Vosges . She had a great week in a holiday flat in a farm house . She cooked for herself and Ferdinand .
Paula can't get past 637 levels in the game . She will look up the cheats online .
There's an ad coming up for a computer investigator and you can earn almost 80 thou .
Jackie's sister got pregnant . Jackie is worried about her . Jackie's brother in law earns enough money for his kids but he doesn't have any debt .
Mike , Joseph and Sean are going to the lecture tomorrow morning . They will share their notes with Sean .
Anna has a stomachache . Joanna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves .
Dolph reminds Ziggler to bring his passport tomorrow .
Jeff and Sam are in the little room next to the reception . Kate is downstairs . Jeff and Sam saw a cake with a huge penis on it . There is a woman making a cake in the small room under the stairs .
Larry and Kirsten are going to have a vote on insurance . Kirsten is going to get her husband to sign off on it . She wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year .
Lesley wants Chloe to go on a walk with the dog when she gets home . Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight . Chloe's dad has to work late tonight . Lesley will let the dog out . Chloe will see Megan afterwards .
Natalie's wallet is in her room . Jenny is not home .
Phil is on his way from one client to another . Rob wants to talk to Phil in person . Phil is out of town . Phil will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning .
Martin and Nicole are going to break up . Martin is asexual .
Mike woke up with an allergy .
David wants to get a new tattoo . He wants a scull and rose on his back . Mike will go get one with him .
William is making spaghetti . Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and some chocolate for after the dinner .
The road from the swimming pool to Waitrose is blocked of and vans everywhere . Peter has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow .
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have . Matt needs it for the application . Nick usually uses his mobile service .
There is a match next week . Baron , Gabriel and Gavin will add people from their group to the calendar .
Mia , Karine , Peter and Jennifer are worried about Trump .
Madison and Taylor are going to Thailand . The tickets cost a lot , but the rest of the offer is extra cheap .
Tina and Demi are going to organize workshops on how to transfer from hating men to fucking them .
Nanna has broken her leg and Freddie will have to visit Winnie instead . Mummy and Daddy will visit her soon .
Mark , Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman . New Beginning' this Saturday at 7 . Mark will buy tickets for them .
Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room . It's caused by condensation . Betty will get a fan system installed in her loft . Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday .
Warren has locked the door .
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school . Aaron is going to give two lectures . Claire will go to Jo's workshop on teamwork .
Rob wants to sell his flat to a friend who's relocating to another city and offers a good price . Rob will see him tomorrow .
Ethan might not come to the function . Evan will try to make him come .
Daisy is in Naples . She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday . Charlie and Daisy spent an evening together . Daisy is going to see Rome , Florence , Venice and San Fransisco . Charlie will take a train to Florence on the 5th of September .
Adele is still listening to the song that Kode recommended her . Kode has it in his music library for 3 years . He will give Adele whole Album in USB .
Ian broke up with Claire years ago . Maddie will ask her next time .
Violet is going on vacation and she's going to get a Brazilian waxing . Paisley has been in a waxing salon once and she doesn't want to go back .
Suzy wants Linda to follow her on Instagram .
John and Sean are going to make a trade at the deadline today . John would like to get Lamar Jackson .
Amelia's mum was on a crazy diet and she gained 5 pounds .
Carrie and Gina have seen Fantastic Beast . Gina liked Eddie Redmayne as Newt . Alex wants to see it this weekend with Lane .
Amelia can't tell Emily her favourite colour .
Mary moved to Southampton in December .
He got fired and thrown out of school .
Alex likes the flash more than Batman .
Marek sent Adam a picture of a nice ass . Marek found it in a shopping mall on the escalator .
Mark and Daniel are going to have drinks at Daniel's place tonight . Daniel's sister is visiting .
Bart bombed his economy final and got a bad score . Adrian got a reasonable grade . Bart will take the class next year .
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday . Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet .
Lindsay and Amelia came to Elliot's birthday party .
Jennifer and Reece are going to watch Mad Max on Netflix tomorrow evening .
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise .
Mary and Susie have a baby . Henry sends her a photo .
Greg and Patti's cat is fine . Patti will pick her up later . She will pop home and fetch the cage after work at 5 .
Kate is at the grocery store . She will buy an apple for George and a tangerine for school tomorrow .
Sam wants to buy the white earphones from Lia . The total cost is 187 , but it's not company policy to lower the price to 180 .
Kelly will wear the red dress . Mary will wear a red dress and bright red lipstick .
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag for Monica's wedding on Friday . Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow .
Gina will come up to Monica's office to get a free usb .
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring . He wants to keep it on the wall . He also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter . He does 25 kilometers everyday . His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers .
Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than the marvel . Jason has downloaded the latest episode of Arrow season 7 and will text Parker when it's done .
Michael has been to Argentina , Brazil and Chile . He's in Boston next weekend . He wants to leave London and look for a job in the Netherlands . Kai has a conference on the 8th of December .
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm .
Molly and Luca are laughing at the silly season .
Janette has got mice in her kitchen .
Lawrence will get back to Madison once he is through with the article .
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat . She doesn't want to eat with them anymore .
Guido has problems with Agata's posts on Facebook . Agata doesn't complain about her new job .
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks . Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM . Alejandro will pick her up .
Sam started the career mode in fifa 19 . It's different from the one in 18 .
Damian wants Ethan to buy him a kebab .
Adam's plane has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later . Hannah will prepare something special for dinner tomorrow . Adam will be there in less than 24 hours .
Matthew has a cold . Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make some soup .
Joyce can't take the car to get Harry as Kyle has to go to a mechanic . Kyle will get him by bus .
Bailey has 4 boxes of fabric in his closet . Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea .
Susan and Toby spent a romantic weekend at the seaside . They stayed in a 4 star hotel near the beach . Melissa will send Susan some photos .
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter , Linta . Eva has to go home in an hour . Olivia will keep her ready and her bag and make a bottle of milk .
Jack will be 10 minutes late . Laura will wait inside .
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing you whenever they feel like it . She had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said Ladies first .
Zoe and Frank love each other .
Stefano and Josie are discussing Eco's Foucault's Pendulum and The Name of the Rose .
Evan has got the flu and needs to cancel his lesson with Dennis tomorrow . He has been off college since Tuesday . He should be ok for next Thursday .
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park around 9 p . m . Camille and Patrick will join her .
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals , medicine and drugs . He was watching a film last night and saw a commercial of mints as medical products .
Dave sends Greg a file with his notes from statistics .
Mark is going out in a sec . Sally doesn't feel well . Mark will pick her up .
Joy and Sandy will meet on Friday at 11 am . Sandy is going for a run . Joy will show Sandy the dresses that Lina likes .
It's raining . Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops .
Susie found plasters from Poland . Ted kept them till this morning after his shower .
Lily and Mary will Facetime Kyle in 10 minutes .
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 pm at her house . Harry is in .
Tomas is broke . Sierra will lend him some money if he needs it .
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend .
Pamela will have a look at the RGS grant website .
Ava is 158 cm tall . Penguins' average height is 162 cm .
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam . Vaughn got a 65 .
There was an emergency at school today . Three engines and ambulance were called to the school .
Perry , Marlow , Janet and Forster will go on holiday to Asia in September . They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at Perry's place .
Lee is scared and confused . The digital wizard client manager who normally wears only hoodies , just put on a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket . He has some sort of a client related presentation . Lee has been here for almost 5 months and this is the first time he's seen something like this . Lee and Andy will make fun of him in a couple of weeks .
Maya wants Boris to bring home the clothes that are hanging outside . Boris will tell Brian to do it .
Barry , Jake , Dave and Kelly are going to march in the Women's strike . They will meet around the campus at noon .
John and Laurel will meet at Jade's collection at around 5 pm tomorrow to buy a birthday gift for Diana .
Rachel got a new siamese cat . She likes the name Portia . Rachel is allergic to cats . She's taking medication .
After the wedding there is going to be an after party at Mark's house . Matthew and Kristina are going .
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for their mother .
There is something wrong with Amy . Owen and Neil haven't talked to her . They should meet her in person .
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum . They will go to a bar after that . Rachel is going to meet everyone . Wai and Rachel are going to work for a big charity organization .
Robert is not in town , so he can't help Tom .
It's Dorothea's birthday today . She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town . Elena wishes her all the best .
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow as it's Friday .
Ainsley can't help Jane with her thesis . She has a cold .
Lydia's legs are amazing after months at the gym .
Mick will go to the club with his friends for Halloween . Amka will stay in .
Karine and Jessie saw a video of themselves at kindergarten .
Cael doesn't have the dress yet . Mae hopes to have it soon .
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad . He's 5 years younger than her . She's not sure if she should tell her boss .
Tim , John and Alice are worried about the situation in Kongo .
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th of December at 10 00 and 11 00 . Evans might not be in town on 18th . Margaret and Evans might meet on 17th . They will also meet on 14th .
Joanne wants to talk to Bradley , but he's busy at work .
Iris's husband is famous . Iris's parents are glad that Iris found a decent man .
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense . Ken will add her back to the group . Gerardo will ask the peeps leaving early to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month .
Ola should be free by 8 . Kurt will call her .
Conny has to write a paper for Fitz next week . Conny did his research on the internet . Fitz suggests Conny to go to the library .
Archie and Louis think Melanie is hotter with straight hair than with cury hair .
Carly and Cindy are laughing at her .
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm . They will meet up and go together .
Sam doesn't think he likes her . Cathy thinks he's looking at her . Sam will talk with him tomorrow .
Jess had a dream last night that she was a lion tamer . Lynn and Charlie believe in dreams .
Charles is worried that he might have a gluten intolerance . Monica and Karen advise him to stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better .
Ulysses and Peter got an A . Julia got a B . Martha can check her grades online .
Ralph and Andrew are laughing at a joke about a polish battleship .
Linda missed the train . The next one is in one hour and costs 80 euros . She will return to Amsterdam .
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture .
Linda wants to buy flowers for her mum . Linda is on a flower market right now . She will buy freesias .
Tim will be 20 minutes late . Gary will try and delay the main presentation .
Leslie will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4 . Marcus has a meeting at 1 .
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles . Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated . Joanna's thesis mentor is her thesis mentor . They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th .
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear . Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress .
Megan and Joseph are going to take a taxi to the opera .
Carl is still waiting for Meg . Meg needs 5 minutes more as she has lost her key somewhere .
Kim and Ben are going to have pizza with coke tonight . Kim will get a rain check .
Stan Lee is dead and everybody's posting about it .
Maria is tired of her job . She can't stand it anymore .
Ryanair cancelled flights affecting 400 , 000 more passengers . Luke has booked another flight with easyjet . Elijah's 2 flights are confirmed .
Rachel's aunt was in an accident . Some jackass was speeding and didn't see the red light . He will pay for the rehabilitation .
Ross is happily married . Monica got drunk at the office party two months ago . Monica is pregnant .
Luke got no waves , 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head today . He will go surfing tomorrow at 2 22 pm .
Benjamin wasn't able to attend Friday night's basketball game . His mom is sick and he is taking care of her . His team won the game 101 98 .
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7 . 30 pm on Antena 3 .
Marta accidentally sent Weronika and Agnieszka a gif by accident .
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up for it . British media made some negative comments on it .
Janice has watched almost all 50 best films of 2018 . She watched Deadpool 2 and Avengers twice .
